If you're constantly pushing yourself
and it's not working, this is going to
be a great coaching video for you to
learn from. Yeah. How does it feel to
have um
put pressure on yourself for what is it
now 30 something years?
>> Well, there's there's sadness because of
I feel like I've gotten in the way or
it's gotten in the way.
>> In the way of what?
um
relationships and
>> no like show me show me right now what
it's gotten in the way of like if
there's no pressure what comes out.
>> So in this video we explore a woman
who's constantly putting pressure on
herself and we discover what all that
pressure is actually trying to hide. I
am observing a pattern in myself of
um which really came up strongly this
morning of
feeling
like I I feel a lot of pressure. I put a
lot of pressure on myself
um and then I rebel against it. Um so I
have like these two patterns.
>> That's pretty human.
>> Uh yeah. tell a two-year-old what to do,
they say no. It's like it's this natural
thing. So, what's the question?
>> Um,
how do I stop?
>> How do you how do
>> how do I Yeah. How do I get into that
bind?
>> I want to I want to like share with you
how my mind works. Here's how my mind
works.
My problem is that I put pressure on
myself and I rebel against myself. So,
how do I put pressure on myself to stop
putting pressure on myself to rebel
against myself? That's what I hear.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah. How do you think that's going to
work?
>> Uh, not really. It's not going to work.
>> Yeah.
Yeah. Then what's the solution?
>> If you're pushing against a wall,
>> how do you stop?
Let go. Stop.
>> Yeah. But how do you let go without
forcing yourself to let go?
>> Look at you.
>> Wow.
>> Soften.
>> Yeah. And what do you have to feel when
you soften?
I feel I feel some sadness.
>> Yeah.
>> How much of this game is just to avoid
the sadness?
>> Yeah. I I feel like a
there's some fear that just came up
around
that. I'll just like feel sad. Feel sad.
I just won't stop feeling sad.
Yeah, that's that's what our mind does
with sadness generally.
If I allow myself to be sad, I'll be sad
forever. If I allow myself to be angry,
I'll destroy what I love. If I allow
myself to be scared, I'll become
incapable.
Have you ever cried?
>> Well, I did this morning.
>> How did you feel at the end of it?
Um,
I felt release, some release. And
yeah, and I felt I actually listened to
your emotional inquiry thing and that
was what I did.
>> Yeah, I'm feeling it now. I'm feeling
>> Yeah, I'm with you. I got Yeah.
Yeah. How does it feel to have um
put pressure on yourself for what is it
now 30 something years?
>> Um
well there's there's sadness because of
I feel like I've gotten in the way or
it's gotten in the way.
>> In the way of what?
um
relationships and
>> no like show me show me right now what
it's gotten in the way of like if
there's no pressure what comes out
>> just yeah I'm seeing you
here I'm aware there's a couple people
on the call I whole dream at least.
>> Yeah.
>> Feel aware of them.
>> So, it's gotten in the way of your
awareness.
>> Let's go all the way to the awareness
for a minute.
Put all of your attention into
awareness.
My my body feels vibrating.
I could cry more.
>> Yeah,
>> you're welcome, too.
I feel I feel a lot of love for these
people.
>> Yeah.
Oh, wow.
So, all this pressure has gotten in the
way of your love and your awareness.
Yeah. I just I feel like this
self-consciousness comes in.
>> Yeah. So, we're going to we're going to
let that self-consciousness be there. I
want you to turn that love towards the
self-consciousness. So, feel the love
that you have for all these people
and then just turn it towards
the self-consciousness
>> because it's afraid that I'll just be
nothing.
>> You are nothing.
>> I've heard you say that one before.
Yeah, I get it.
>> Don't sense I'm getting it. Actually, I
think it's Don't don't don't don't get
it. Ask your awareness what you are. Go
to the awareness for a minute. That
thing that's just aware of all of this.
That's a lot, isn't it? Do you feel how
big that is?
>> Yeah.
>> It just wants to be something.
Just afraid people won't love me.
>> Let's see if that matters.
>> Let's see if people loving you matters.
If you're not pushing and you're in your
heart and you're in your awareness.
So, so the idea is that the pushing has
gotten you out of your awareness, out of
your heart, out of your love.
And so now we're in our heart. You're in
your heart. I'll be in my heart with
you. I'll be in my awareness with you.
Yeah. And so right now, somebody on the
call is judging you and somebody on the
call is loving you. And if we're lucky,
it's both people, you know, but probably
not that.
>> And if you're in your awareness and in
your heart, what what matters. See what
matters.
I would never judge someone for this.
>> Yeah. They're
probably just They're beautiful.
>> Yeah.
>> This is what you This is what you're
pushing down with the game that you
play.
Pressure, resist, pressure, resist. All
so you don't have to feel this
overwhelming love and awareness.
There you go.
>> Yeah. And in that moment, you stopped
resisting it and you just filled the
space.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I can feel I can feel the a
little bit in my body kind of expanding.
>> Yeah,
>> I can feel myself sweating.
>> Yeah, that's how it works.
>> Yeah.
Thank you.
>> You're very welcome.
>> Pleasure.
>> If you found this coaching video helpful
and you want to experience it yourself
or participate in a live coaching event,
just go here or click the link below.
I'd love to see you there.